[♪ Synth music]
[Leo over the phone]
'What is it?'
[Mom] 'We found Virginia.'
[Leo] 'Great. Just, uh...
let me know when you got her.'
[Mom] 'Can you just do this?
I know you're free.'
[Leo] 'I don't... I don't
have the van right now, so...'
[Mom] 'You still have
your old car.'
[Leo sighs]
[Leo] 'Fuck.'
[Chuckles]
[Car stereo]
'♪ One, two, three, four '
- [♪ Punk rock music playing]
- [Yelling]
[Punk rock music stops]
[Door locked]
Ah, shit!
- You need this opened?
- Yeah, yeah.
[Knocking on door]
[Phone buzzing]
[Woman screams]
[Woman yells]
Oh, shit! Hey!
[Grunting]
Virginia, hey.
Shit, hey!
Come on, stay with me.
It's me, it's Leo.
Hey!
[Virginia yells]
Yeah. I... I need an ambulance.
My sister's acting really weird.
She's done something,
I don't know what.
Uh... corner of Lex and Clover.
I need food.
Uh... wrong number, sorry.
What the fuck?
- Where's your car?
- That was not OK or normal.
Fuck.
I just need food.
What do you want anyway?
[Virginia sighs]
- Do you want me to call 911?
- No.
Seriously, hey. Do you need me
to call an ambulance right now?
No.
Good.
The car needs a wash.
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
[Gasps]
Ticks.
Coffee will make you
feel better.
I don't do caffeine anymore.
- Anymore?
- Makes me jittery.
You know what else
makes you jittery?
Drugs.
Drugs make you jittery.
But I'm glad that you've drawn
the line somewhere in there
because if you did
all of them it would be...
Sorry.
Didn't mean to put a hash
on your withdrawal.
- It's not withdrawal.
- It's withdrawal.
It's not withdrawal.
Mom says hi, by the way.
She wanted to make sure
that you were OK.
She's been calling a lot.
Worried about you.
Worried sick, really.
And... and now I'm here.
So just good old-fashioned
denial? No drugs.
Not for you.
Not anymore, no.
You're not going
through withdrawal.
You're not thirsty
for coffee.
You're just,
you're just... what?
[Scoffs]
Honestly?
I'm cursed.
It's inventive.
- [Waiter] More coffee?
- Yeah.
- So you're cursed?
- Yes.
OK, cool.
Did you piss off a gypsy?
Whole band of them?
Just give them back
whatever you stole.
That's all it is, OK?
- Can you listen to me?
- Sure, go ahead.
All right, drugs.
Yep, that happened.
It was OK, and then it was
really bad for about a year
and they found me, said they
wanted to help me get clean,
so I followed them.
[Sighs] And they did.
They helped me get clean.
I went through a withdrawal.
I am clean.
I've been sober
eight fucking months.
And then it's...
Then I wanted to leave and they
didn't want me to leave, OK?
They did this ceremony.
They did this ritual thing
that I don't really remember,
and they threw blood on me
and they...
...they bound me to this
other guy, this other guy.
I don't know who he is.
Never seen him before.
And...
I don't know
how to explain it...
...but I could feel
what he was feeling,
and I know he could feel
what I was feeling.
What you saw at my apartment,
that was him. I...
Hey, can I get
some creamer, please?
[Waiter] Oh, sorry.
We're out.
[Leo] Who the fuck
runs out of creamer?
Oh, you expect me
to believe you. I'm sorry.
I mean, what do you want me
to say to a story like that?
You're sick.
Sober eight months?
You look like you...
You look like
you're still high right now.
OK?
I'm going to drive
another hour and a half
to the rehab clinic, after
the four hours I already drove
to your shitty ex-boyfriend's
apartment building
where some guy
in a fucking red cloak
was running around
like an idiot, so...
What do you mean,
a guy in a red cloak?
A red cloak, what do you
need me to tell you?
- Did he follow you?
- No. What?
- No, he didn't follow me.
- Are you sure?
- I went in,
I got you. I got out of there.
We're here now.
No, so you didn't know,
you don't...
Oh, my God.
You're paranoid.
We need to leave.
We need to leave right now.
Put down your coffee,
we're leaving right fucking now.
- Calm down, calm down.
- We are leaving right now.
Can you please calm down?
I have to pay the check.
[Virginia hyperventilating]
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
[Virginia panting]
[Car door closing]
Walk me through
what just happened.
Please.
If it's a cry for help,
I hear you.
Virginia, you gotta say
something, OK?
Just something.
- Cos I-I can't...
- I don't know.
- I don't know what to say.
- You did it.
- Yeah, I know.
- You did...
- You know what it was.
- Yeah.
I didn't wanna fucking do that.
I'm not making this up.
What's this supposed
to get me to believe?
I feel what he feels, Leo.
During the ritual,
they slashed his chest
and I felt the exact same thing,
the exact same time,
and I've never
felt pain like that.
I'm sorry, OK?
I'm sorry, I...
You're right,
I am out of my depth here.
I don't understand
what's going on.
You're sick.
These fuckers did something
to you and it's not your fault.
I should have just driven you
straight to rehab.
I should have driven you
straight there.
- No if, ands, or buts.
- I'm not on drugs.
- Then what the fuck is this?
- I fucking told you.
Don't fucking say cursed.
Hexed.
Is that better?
I need to find him.
That's the only...
[Sighs]
This-this guy that
you were... bound to,
locked in a room with...
You find him and... you think
all of this just goes away?
I just know I need to find him.
I know that's my next step.
And I know he wants me
to find him.
He needs help, too.
And then... what-what if
we don't find him?
OK.
If we don't find him...
...I'll go to rehab.
- Straight away.
- No...
- I'll just go.
- No bullshit.
- No.
- I'm trusting you.
- I promise.
OK?
I have to...
I have to call...
I have to make some calls, OK?
Will you be OK
for two minutes, just...
Yeah.
How are you even
gonna find this guy?
[Laughing]
I don't know.
I'll figure it out, though.
OK.
OK. Well, uh...
...don't...
...go anywhere.
Just...
I went to see Virginia.
She...
It was wrong, Mom, OK?
I know, I know.
I'm sorry I missed the meeting.
It's just...
Look, Mom, I was scared,
all right?
I couldn't just ignore her.
I think Virginia's using again.
Bottles at her place,
opiates maybe.
I just need a few days.
I'm gonna drive her to rehab,
of course, it's just, I...
Just please, please
stop yelling.
How's Ally?
I miss you.
Yeah, no,
I-I know you're busy.
Just...
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
Fuck.
Open the fucking door.
Open the fucking door, Virginia.
Virginia!
Goddammit!
Virginia. Virginia!
Open the fucking door, Virginia!
Goddammit!
Virginia!
- [Virginia whimpers]
- It's OK.
It's OK.
There you go.
Why the hell would you do
something like that?
It's not like
I could send him a text.
- I...
- Can we ju...
Can you just, can we just...
I know.
[Sighs]
Ah.
Fuck.
- Stop it, no. No, no.
- Stop.
[Leo grunts]
- What are you doing?
- Give me your arm.
- What?
Ah! OK, fine, there.
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
[♪ Upbeat electric guitar
strumming on car stereo]
[Crackling]
Could you stop that?
I mean, I can't help it.
This car is trashed.
You went to a carwash
when you threw your little fit.
You had to clean the outside,
but not the inside.
Huh?
If I recall,
somebody was very hungry.
[♪ Punk rock music
playing on car stereo]
Look, we don't have
to... talk the whole time
if you don't want to,
right now.
[Virginia turns volume up]
[Chuckles]
Is this you guys?
Do you know any other bands
that sound like this?
[Both laughing]
Wow! Why were you listening
to your high school bullshit?
- OK, OK, no. No.
- That's so weird.
This was circa me
being 20, 21, I think,
- so not high school bullshit.
- Oh, far more mature.
And for your information, I was
not listening to my own shit,
I... it happened to be on.
I haven't driven this car
in like, ten years, so...
Yeah. What happened
to your suburban dad car?
Um... I don't...
- Did you total it?
- No, I didn't total it.
I'm a good driver,
thank you very much.
It's... somebody's using it
right now, so I...
What do you mean?
Is it like, gone?
I mean that somebody else
is driving it
and they need it
more than I do
so I got stuck
with the B-wheels.
Well, you know, actually, that
was my favorite song of yours.
- That?
- Yeah, yeah, it was fun.
I don't know.
You go like, all crazy.
You look like a Muppet
when you're drumming.
- I used to laugh, it was funny.
- [Leo laughs]
So close to compliments here.
Well, it was so close to music.
- Ouch.
- [Virginia laughs]
That was a long time ago.
[Virginia] Do you remember
after all your shows
you'd get on this like,
weird high and be like,
"Let's just,
let's just steal some shit."
That made me so uncomfortable.
But I kind of loved it.
I remember this one time like,
Mom was on a health kick
cos... I don't know, Dad's
cholesterol or something stupid
and, uh... like, she wouldn't
let us have sodas, you know?
Mm-hmm.
And I really, really wanted one.
You just stole...
you stole one for me.
Uh... for your information,
I stole in bulk.
I stole a six-pack. I just
gave 'em to you one at a time.
- What?
- Yeah.
[Virginia laughs]
I don't know.
Just like, whenever
you would steal shit for me,
it just made me feel like...
...like you got my back,
you care for me, you know, like?
It's stupid.
No, it's... that's sweet.
So you don't steal anymore?
- I can...
- No.
Unless you stole this outfit
from J.Crew.
The outfit is because
I am a teacher
of seventh grade idiots
for music.
I am working for the system,
churning out little,
little minions every year
that know how to forget
playing recorder
in like, three weeks' time,
so yeah, I, uh...
pullin' in the big bucks.
Teaching's really noble,
though, you know?
Oh, God, please don't pity me
like that.
I'm... I'm not.
- "It is a noble endeavor..."
- I'm sorry. It sucks.
"...teaching the little
shit mongrels
"how to play wind instruments."
Honestly, yeah, it sucks.
I'm sorry.
[Leo] What?
Wanna get back to your roots
a little bit?
Want to make me feel all loved
and like, you got my back?
Are you saying you want me
to go into this gas station
and steal something
for you?
I might be saying that,
I don't know.
I'm not stealing something
for you, we just need gas.
Gotta clean out
of your shit of a car.
- I'm not stealing for you.
- Are you sure?
I'm not stealing for you.
[♪ Synth music]
Virginia!
- Get in the car!
- Is everything OK?
- Here!
- What?
Just get in the car!
Get the chips!
- Did you just throw chips?
- Get in the car!
Did you steal these?
[♪ Synth music continues]
[Muted dialogue]
[♪ Synth music fades]
[Leo] Yeah, hey, I, uh...
No, um...
yeah, she's, uh...
Look, this is gonna take
a bit longer than I thought.
I'm sorry, it's just...
She needs me right now.
No, come on, don't...
We'll stop here, grab a bite,
stay at a hotel,
start first thing
in the morning. Yeah?
- You sleep OK?
- Mmm. No.
[Sniffing]
You, uh... smell.
[♪ Soft synth music]
[Muted dialogue]
Can you get the door?
You buy the whole store?
It's not as much as it seems,
I promise.
You do know we only got
a three or four day drive
to get there, right?
I don't know, it was cheap, man.
They were having a sale.
- I couldn't not.
- You couldn't not on clothes?
Oh, oh, oh, well...
Leo.
[Leo laughs]
- Pumpkin?
- No, no.
I can tell that
they're pumpkins. Why?
Halloween week.
- I thought...
- What day is it?
...we could carve 'em
or something.
I had no idea
it was Halloween this week.
Where did you think all these
weirdo decorations were about?
Where have you been?
Spacing lately.
I got my head places.
Yeah.
Did you not see
all of the creepy things?
Like...
Hey. This...
- The guy, the guy in the cloak.
Yeah?
- It was just some costume.
- No.
It was just some kid
walking around the halls
trying on his costume
for this week.
Leo, no, it wasn't.
No, no, it makes sense.
There's no cultist.
- Leo.
- There's no... no cultist.
We just put two and two together
and it wasn't a cult.
It was just four.
There's no cult guy.
There's nothing.
We're fine.
This is good news.
We don't have to be so paranoid
about everything anymore.
I really thought you'd be
a little happier about that.
This is good news.
It's all just in our heads.
Are you kidding me?
Can you please just slow down?
Look, I'm sorry, OK?
I didn't...
I'm sorry, all right?
I didn't mean to make it sound
like they're fake.
I mean... I just, I know
that something happened
and it was awful, OK?
They're bad people and I'm sorry
I made that sound less.
But to be totally
fucking honest,
I'm not being truthful
with you.
I'm hiding a bunch of shit and
you're probably catching onto it
because I'm not doing it
very well.
I'm... I'm going...
I'm in the middle of a divorce
and I'm not handling
anything well, OK?
And the last thing
I expected to do
was to have to drive
across the country
to save my sister
from a fucking curse,
so forgive me that one thing
that I'm not handling this
with the grace
that I could be,
because I realized
that I'm not gonna get
to spend Halloween
with my daughter because of it.
And that kinda kills me
a little bit.
So for one night,
can we just pretend
to be a little fucking normal
and just go back to this motel
and carve some pumpkins?
And I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry.
- [Virginia whimpers]
Ah, shit.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
God, I forgot.
- You OK?
- Mmm.
- Let's just get out of here.
- Mm-hmm.
[Leo] Oh, uh... by the way,
you have a niece.
[Virginia] What's her name?
[Leo] Her name's Ally.
[Gasps]
- You OK?
- It surprised me, I'm sorry.
OK. Jeez!
You've really gotten tame...
The atmosphere
has me a bit skiddish.
Sure.
God.
Does Ally like Halloween?
Does she... does she know
what it is?
She-she gets it, yeah.
She's two and a half.
Two and a half?
Oh, you're doing the math,
aren't you?
- Yeah.
- Uh...
You remember that big
blow up fight
we had like, three years ago?
Mm-hmm.
You were a huge dick.
I was trying to find
the way to tell you
that Kelsey
was pregnant and...
...and I may have been
a dick in the process,
so I'm sorry for that.
That time of year,
it's always tough.
Yeah.
And I just didn't know
how to tell Mom that,
"Hey... Kelsey and I
are pregnant
- "and we're not married yet..."
- Wait, hold on, Kelsey?
- Zamboni girl, Kelsey?
- God.
[Virginia laughing]
- Zamboni wife, technically.
- Uh-huh.
And don't ever call her
that again, please.
I mean, technically I would be,
I had the Zamboni job,
so I'd be Zamboni boy.
Yeah, but she was always
around you, and it's funny.
Because she liked me and
we ended up getting married?
She liked a lot of people
at the ice rink.
This is the mother
of my child, please, so...
I'm just saying.
She's been around
the ice rink a time or two.
That is... simultaneously
terrible and silly, so...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, it's fine.
- It's clever, if anything.
- No.
[Virginia laughs]
Kelsey.
We got married in City Hall
in a very, very, um...
I mean, hell,
no one was there.
- It was just us, so...
- God, she must've hated that.
Well, we wanted
to get it official
before Ally was born, so... not
exactly a lot of time to plan.
Classy.
I'm sure Mom loved that.
- She was OK with it.
- Oh, I bet.
She got it.
Was it bad after the, um...
I mean, we never talked again
after that fight, so...
Well, I mean, you know, um...
Started with, you know,
the Adderall to just be awake.
And, uh... I stopped that,
by the way.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Yeah, no, I stopped that
when I...
...graduated law school,
like I said.
Was that an on-purpose "When
I graduated law school", or?
No.
But, uh... you know,
I needed something else.
Ah.
So I chose OxyContin,
which, you know,
gets expensive
when you lose your job.
So then you go
to other things and...
[Sighs]
- I get it, yeah.
- Yeah.
I really am done.
I don't wanna do that again.
I really liked being a lawyer.
If it makes you feel
any better,
I really hate
being a teacher, so...
Can I have a... knife?
This good enough?
Can I have like, the big knife?
- Oh, you mean this one?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, no, you get this one.
- [Virginia scoffs]
- I need this one.
- You were just using this one.
Yeah, I'm not...
I'm just gonna use this one.
Trust me,
it's not as efficient.
Mm-hmm.
You know, I don't like, want...
I don't like, want
to hurt myself.
I know, I know.
- What is it?
- Mm-mm. Nothing.
No, what is it?
You know, we're having
honesty hour, why not?
- No, I hate honesty hour.
- Yeah, it's terrible,
so let's end it,
what do you need? What is it?
Do you believe me now?
About...
- ...everything?
- Yeah.
Or you just think I'm crazy?
Crazy druggie?
I-I don't think you're crazy.
I think that something crazy
happened to you.
Look, I don't know
what being cursed looks like.
I've never seen that before,
but, uh...
I will say that you
are definitely more cursed
than the average person.
That's a start.
[Insects buzzing]
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
[Sighs]
[♪ Tense, dramatic music
resumes]
[Car engine turns on]
Good morning.
[Virginia clears throat]
Rough night?
No.
[Virginia clears throat]
No, no, no, no.
Don't tell me,
you've done something new.
Nose job.
- Oh, yeah, that's what I was...
- That's what it was.
- You like it?
- Looks good.
[Virginia chuckles]
Hey, what are we gonna do
with the pumpkins?
[Flies buzzing]
[Radio host] 'So Allen, how are
we looking on the weather?'
[Allen] 'Well, Sean,
as you can see,
'even though the storms
have subsided,
'the snow isn't going anywhere.
'So expect at least six inches,
icy roads
'and an extreme wind chill.
'My advice?
Stay in and stay warm
'until they clear up the streets
in the morning.'
[Leo] You know, actually,
my old band played the stupid
college down near here.
- Yeah?
- They have, bar none,
the greatest shitty karaoke bar
I've ever been to in my life.
I'm not even kidding.
I have some
of my favorite memories there.
Do you, uh... do you mind
if we go there
- for a song or two and just...
- Yeah, yeah, no.
We have shit to do.
We're stuck because
of the weather anyway.
It's like two minutes
from the motel.
Karaoke isn't fun, OK?
Willingly embarrassing
yourself is horrible.
The entirety of the human
population disagrees with you.
- Karaoke is amazing.
- OK.
Well, it's not fun for me.
So I'd rather not.
It's great. What could go wrong?
It's just...
Leo, everything
could go wrong, dude.
Everything.
Have you not caught on that
nowhere is fucking safe for me?
I'm gonna get up there
and start having a seizure
or having my head spin around
and crab-walk and shit.
Nowhere is safe.
Nowhere is fun.
Look, I promise you,
nothing bad will go wrong,
and there's no better feeling
than just screaming
all the ugly shit out.
Look, right now,
just turn with me
and on three,
take all that ugly anxiety
and bullshit and just
scream it out there, OK?
Just trust me.
One,
two...
[Yelling]
[Virginia chuckles]
Feel better, Garden State?
- You didn't...
- Yeah?
Come on.
Let's get in the fucking car.
We'll do karaoke.
- For real?
- Yes, for real.
Let's go, it's cold.
[♪ The Animals' "House Of
The Rising Sun" playing]
♪ There is a house
in New Orleans
♪ They call the Rising Sun
♪ And it's been the ruin
of many a poor boy
♪ My God, I know I'm one
♪ Oh, mother,
tell your children
♪ Not to do
what I have done...
- You OK?
- Yeah.
♪ Misery, in the house
of the Rising Sun... ♪
Hey sis, you want anything
from the vending ma...
[Walking]
[Opens door and closes it]
[Lights clicks]
[Light clicks]
Why'd you get off the highway?
When did that happen?
Like, five minutes ago.
- I totally spaced that.
- Were you asleep?
[Virginia] I... I don't know.
- [Leo] Yeah...
- [Virginia] Are you lost?
Not exactly. I actually have
a bit of a surprise for you.
What?
I, for one, and I have
a feeling you are too,
are just tired
of all these damn motels.
So I've decided
we should treat ourselves.
Looked it up, found
a discounted app online
and, uh... well,
it's cheaper than it looks.
[Inhales]
[Exhales]
[♪ Punk rock music playing]
I don't think you ever
did the dishes back home.
I did them sometimes.
I think it was usually me
and Mom in the kitchen.
Well...
I had no idea
you could actually cook.
Like, where's that skill
when you were babysitting me?
You know, the thing is
I was ten when babysitting you.
Mm-hmm.
I didn't have
a two-year-old daughter.
Oh.
And it's sort of like,
they give it to you
right there at the hospital,
a ravioli recipe.
God, I still can't believe
you married Zamboni girl.
[Gasps]
Oh, my God.
Well, you did call her
Zamboni girl.
I could fucking stab you,
you douche.
It's Zamboni wife and shut up.
- I'm gonna go find some towels.
- Yeah, you should do that.
And stop calling my wife that.
Quit calling her that.
- No.
- Yes.
No.
I am seriously so uncomfortable
right now, you have no idea.
[Virginia laughing]
You're such a wimp.
When it comes
to creepy shit like this?
Yeah, yeah, no, I'm not on board
with contacting spirits.
They sell these at bookstores.
You're OK.
- Come on.
- Fine.
Let's, um...
let's contact something.
Ooh. [Gasps]
Peaky.
- The parakeet?
- Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Um...
Did Peaky actually go
to live in a farm upstate?
Yeah.
Pretty sure we knew
that one going in.
Yeah.
It's still sad.
Mom's story never did really
make sense.
OK.
All right, uh... while we're
shattering childhood illusions,
is Santa real?
No. No. No.
- I really believed that one.
- Yeah, I believed.
- I wanted to believe so hard.
- No more gifts, never again.
Oh.
Come on, you're the tour guide
of terror. What do you got?
I got nothin'.
Um...
Has Leo ever actually
been in a fight?
What?
Who? Who'd you fight?
OK, so, um... remember
how Joey DeStefano
got into that car accident
in high school?
Yeah. It was like right after
he stood me up at prom.
Like a week after
he stood you up at prom.
Yeah.
- Oh, no, no.
- Yeah.
Yeah, no. Nobody gets away
with standing up my sister.
- But he was like, so damaged.
- I am not proud of it.
I was very young
and I had some mismanaged
anger issues in hindsight.
Clearly.
But he got what was coming him,
so fuck it.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
- Sort of.
- I think.
- Ugh.
- All right, while we're here,
did I do the right thing
giving up on music?
Well, when you put it that way,
I guess that all I really need.
Yeah.
Should Leo sign the papers?
Don't know what I expected.
OK. Um... I need you to do
something for me, OK?
Mmm.
- [Sighs] Um...
- What is it?
Just, please, just-just keep
your hand on the whole time.
OK?
- You're freaking me out.
- Just...
- Please.
- OK.
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
Dad, if you can hear me,
do I have the strength
to follow through with this?
Yeah, OK, you know what?
Actually, um... no, no, that's
uh... I draw the line there.
Fuck it, I'm out.
That's... no.
That's, uh... no, that's it
for me. I'm out. No.
[♪ Tense, dramatic music
intensifies]
What?
Who the fuck are you?
We're just staying
the night here, man.
OK?
We don't want any trouble.
This is my sister's house.
- Who the fuck are you?
- This is your sister's place?
We're just renters.
I went online,
I found your sister's website.
We're just passing through.
We're renting the place
for the night.
OK.
What's her name?
- [Leo] Your sister?
- Mm-hmm.
The person you're renting it
from, supposedly.
Just give me a second.
Look, man, my phone's
over there. I can...
Man, where's your phone?
Where's your phone?
You don't have
your fucking phone?
Her name's Shelby.
You're Shelby's brother, right?
That's her name, right?
Shelby?
Oh, man.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. She's my sister.
This is her place.
[Leo] No, I mean,
what are you doing here?
Oh, I'm just taking a piss.
There's a big Halloween party
just like, a few houses down.
It's a rager.
You guys comin'?
No, no, we're not
the partying type.
We're in for the night.
I see what y'all are into.
You got one
of those pagan, satanic...
- It's not.
- ...spirit boards.
No, man, that's uh...
Yeah, let's get into it.
Who are you talking to?
No, no, we're really.
Look, man, hey...
Don't touch that.
[Leo] Look, man,
if you could just...
Ooh, OK.
I'll just fuck right off.
I didn't say that.
Yeah, you kinda did,
you kinda did.
[Virginia gasping
and grunting]
[Leo] Virginia?
Shit, hey, hey, hey.
- [Gasping]
- It's OK, it's OK. Just shh.
No, y'all are into
that freaky shit.
Hey man, could you just
fuck off for a second, please?
- Look at me.
- Y'all doin' peyote?
Mescaline? Acid?
Shut the fuck up!
[Virginia panting]
Look... would you
just look at me?
[Virginia grunting]
I don't know
what you two are on,
but you're gonna
give 'em to me. I want 'em.
[♪ Tense, dramatic music
resumes]
So cough it up.
Let's just take
this down a notch, OK?
[Chuckles]
Let's just go nice and slow.
Put that down.
It's gonna go
a whole lot easier.
She's on something.
Give me what she's got!
I don't have any fucking drugs!
Give 'em to me, now!
[♪ Tense, dramatic music
stops abruptly]
[Virginia gasps]
[Panting]
[Scoffs]
[Laughing]
Mmm...
Time to go to bed.
I'll see you all
in the morning.
[Virginia panting]
[Door opens and closes]
Virginia? You OK?
He's gone, are you all right?
You OK?
Let's go.
Are you doing OK?
It's OK to not be OK.
- You can talk to me.
- I am.
Last night was a little
too close for comfort.
Mm-hmm.
I don't want to get
that close to...
...you or me getting hurt
like that.
I just want to be more
careful from now on.
- Sure.
- No more fancy fucking housing.
Just motels.
Baseline, easy.
- Yeah. Motels are good.
- Motels... are good.
You know it's a bad idea to take
an addict to Vegas, right?
There's a reason
I'm making sure
we don't stay on the strip.
Don't worry.
Could you roll
your window up, please?
Windows are all closed.
It's freezing in here.
You don't feel that?
It like a breeze or draft
or something.
I don't feel anything.
- [Gasps] Fuck!
- What? What is it?
We forgot the pumpkins.
Man!
[♪ Soft synth music]
[♪ Upbeat music on TV]
[Yawns]
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
[Heavy breathing]
[Footsteps approaching]
Virginia.
Hey, look at me.
Hey.
You OK?
We're gonna get you the hell
out of here, all right?
It's OK.
I found you.
You're OK.
Come on, let's go.
On three, all right? Ready?
One, two, three.
It's OK.
It's gonna be all right, OK?
Hey, hey.
Look at me.
You OK?
Hey, look, whatever happened,
it's not your fault.
It's the fucking curse, OK?
Mm-mm.
What is it?
It was the heroin, Leo,
there was...
I...
- I fucked up.
- No, no, no, no, no, hey.
You didn't do it.
He did, not you.
OK, he put that shit
in his veins. Not you.
It is not your fault.
It's mine, I...
We should've been there
by now. I...
I slowed us down.
I bailed on you once,
I'm not doing it again.
I've been thinking,
the guy you're bonded to?
He's doing
some weird shit, right?
I mean, he's shooting up heroin,
he's getting off, he's...
...he's getting strangled.
Maybe... maybe
we just need to be
a little extra careful
going in, all right?
Are you backing out on me?
Are you fucking
backing out on me?
- No, no, hey, hey, no, no.
- Like you bailed on your band,
like you bailed on your wife,
and now you're backing out
on your fucking sister?
- We need to go in prepared.
- We've come this far,
and you're gonna
fuckin' shit on me?
No, calm down, all right?
You just...
Leo, what the hell
is your problem?
I'm just trying to be safe
about this.
You're so fucking pathetic.
You're gonna abandon me in
the middle of fucking nowhere?
Are you kidding me?
What is wrong with you?
What was I gonna do? I'm just
gonna fucking walk there?
I'm just trying
to keep us safe, OK?
- All by myself?
- I don't want us going into...
God, you are fucking pathetic.
You have no balls.
I am so, so sorry that Ally
has you for a father.
- Fucking pathetic. Fuck you.
- I'm gonna ignore that...
And you're gonna
get in the fucking car
and we're gonna
just drive, OK?
- Sure, sure.
- Jesus.
No wonder your cunt of a wife
left you, you piece of shit.
[Turns engine on]
Are you fucking kidding me?
Piece of shit!
Fuck.
Fuck!
[Brakes squeal]
[Grunts]
[Panting]
[Sighs]
That wasn't me.
That wasn't me, I fucking swear,
that wasn't me.
You never...
[Groans]
Like, what the fuck do I do now?
What do I do, huh?
Like...
A life must end
to break this bond.
They said that
during the ritual.
I don't know
what they said afterwards,
but they said a life must end
to break this bond.
And like...
What if he's thinking
the same thing
and like... and like,
what if I get there...
I don't know what to do.
What do I do?
I know one of us
has to die.
That's what I know.
Just help me.
Will you just help me, please?
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
Are you sure
you wanna do this?
- Yeah.
- OK.
- I'll give you some space, OK?
- No, no, um...
Please.
OK.
Hey.
Yeah, yeah, I know it's...
Look, I just wanted
to let you know that, um...
...I'm signing them.
Yeah, it's, um...
it's time.
No, no, it's just...
it's good to hear your voice.
Look, I-I know it's late,
but, uh... is Ally still up?
Hey.
How you doin', beautiful?
Look, I, um... I actually
have somebody here
I'd like you to meet.
It's your Aunt Virginia.
OK?
- [Chuckles]
- Go for it.
Hi, Ally.
Yeah. Yeah, no,
this is your Aunt Virginia.
I've heard
so much about you. Yeah.
Yeah, I know your dad.
[Both laughing]
How are you today?
Oh, she drew something.
That sounds amazing.
Yeah?
It was red?
It was red, I think?
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
[Door creaking]
[♪ Tense, dramatic music
continues]
intensifies]
[Sighs]
[♪ Music fades]
- There's no one here.
- Yep.
- Do you still feel them?
- No.
[Virginia exhales deeply]
We gotta keep looking.
- Leo...
- No, we gotta keep looking.
- No.
- He's out there somewhere.
- He's not real.
- No, no.
I made him up.
I need help, and that's OK.
I just need help.
I have seen things
that cannot explain...
I've seen you feel things
and do things that...
that are just not you.
You are not crazy,
because if you are
then I am too and, ah...
...I can't afford to be crazy.
We gotta keep looking.
[♪ Soft synth music]
OK.
What are the odds
he's in Cancun?
- I'd say they're pretty good.
- I think so.
If it's not there,
maybe he went to the Bahamas.
[Virginia] Hmm!
Maybe he's always wanted to go
to Paris, or... I don't know.
I hear Italy's lovely
this time of year.
Mmm, he's a very cultured man.
Seems like a drinker.
Maybe he likes wine.
[Virginia chuckles]
You got enough real estate
on your arm?
Maybe we just carve in
your phone number and...
Fuck you, fuck you.
You know what?
Maybe... maybe he'll just learn
how to morse code, you know?
- Oh, you guys share gas?
- [Laughing]
Leo!
[♪ Tense, dramatic music]
Fuck.
It can't be.
[♪ Tense, dramatic music
intensifies]
[Car beeping]
Virginia?
Come on, come on, come on.
Wake up, wake up,
I think he's dead.
- Come on...
- [Virginia screams]
[Yelling]
[Both panting]
- Why... why did you come here?
- You brought me here.
Why did you bring me here?
You told me to,
you brought me here.
Fuck!
[♪ Tense, dramatic music
resumes]
[Thumping]
- You have to kill me.
- What?
Why? Why me?
They're here.
- [Virginia yelps]
- Fuck.
- Start the car.
- Shit.
- Start the car!
- I'm trying, I'm trying.
Start the car!
[Both hyperventilating]
What the fuck?
[Moaning]
[Laughing]
Virginia?
[Yelling]
[Bones cracking]
[Whimpering]
[♪ Tense, dramatic music
continues]
[Engine splutters]
[Turns on engine]
- Fuck!
- Ah!
[Leo gasps]
[♪ Synth music]